This ER Diagram is based on the scenario of the project.
I neeed to make this ER Diagram, take those attributes and use them for the database.









"A South African Flight Booking Agency wants to develop its online booking system to afford its
clients a self-service facility. The system will allow customers to check and reserve flights as and
when required. Customers will be able to view flights based on dates, times, prices, and
departure and arrival points. Any customer will be able to view flights on the system but only
registered customers/members can make a reservation.

On registration, a customer is requested to provide a South African ID or passport number as a
login ID, as well as their e-mail address, telephone number, names, and an optional postal
address. Customers with an invalid e-mail address, telephone number and/or ID will be rejected.
The customer is also required to specify the class of flight when booking and ensure that
information such as dates and times, and places of departure and arrival are correct. The system
keeps track of flights by their names, dates and destinations. Flights are marked by flight
number, capacity, name, class and availability. There are three flight classes: 1st (executive
class), 2nd (business class) and 3rd (economy class).

A ticket can only be reserved for available flights. Each client/customer can only reserve one
ticket per journey and there can be more than one passenger per ticket. The system keeps track
of flights by flight numbers, customers’ names, dates and destinations. The system will allocate a
status of registered and not registered to a customer when an ID number is entered. A booking is
made using the customer’s name, flight number and date, while an optional discount is available
for seniors and minors. Based on their ID number, any customer over 65 years is considered a
senior citizen and anyone under 16 years of age is a minor. Minors may not have ID numbers,
which would make it impossible to secure a discount when booking online. Customers are also
given a choice of payment options."



